Hey, good evening family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining us again tonight.
I know it's late, but I have an urgency. We went long at prayer this evening. And I told Diana, I said I was going to skip it, but we can't.
There's things that are really hot issues right now that we're feeling in our spirit that we must pray over.
You know, it's like a sounding of the alarm concerning 2026 and where we are in the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We must wake up, and in doing so, we have a prayer group that the Lord has given us.
So, we're so thankful for every single one of you that take this prayer group serious and pray with us.
I think tonight at the prayer group of the church was the largest crowd we've ever had there, wasn't it? Yeah, I think it was a lot of people.
I think people when you are on the vine and you are abiding in him and he's abiding in you, you just have that sense of urgency of where we are, and people are waking up, especially prayer warriors.
You all are prayer warriors. The Lord told us when we first—he said, "Brandon, I'll assemble the best of the best to come to this channel and pray,"and this is the best he has.
I believe that we are the best he has for this end-time movement of what we're called to do: to pray to change things.
That's why our foundation is—our church name is Prayer Changes Things, right?
Prayer Changes Things. Yep. There you go. Foundation. Diana did it. Changes Things Foundation. Yep. Well, okay.
So, we're going to go over what we talked about and what happened last night.
And we're going to go over what happened today. We have—this is a red alert as well.
I want to name this Red Alert. That's how serious the time is right now.
There's so much to go over. So, I hope you have some time. If not, you can rewind it and watch it again.
We're good, baby. We got it. I don't like to talk with candy in my mouth.
Okay. Thank you, Paisley. And mommy has enough candy to last her for several days.
Okay. I've got to get focused. This is very serious. Red alert, red alert.
So, all the things the Lord has showed me concerning Iran and when the Lord showed us that they were regrouping and getting ready for another major attack today.
Diana said somebody sent us an email—I don't know how you found that—that Iran declared war, which is crazy. This is how insane it is on the West, Europe, and America.
Iran declares total war on the US, Israel, and Europe, aimed to push to rebuild nuclear and military capabilities.
Yeah, right there. That guy—this is what the Lord showed us was a regrouping.
But he's already coming out and saying things that are just absurd. You can't take all of us on. Or could he?
Do they have something secret that is very powerful behind the scenes that we don't know they have?
Maybe they've developed something that they said they were trying to develop that they already have.
How could you come off so bold and say that after Israel just annihilated all their stuff?
Is there something more to this? Maybe not. Maybe he's just insane.
But I want to tell you this is what the Lord showed us. This is very serious. So we see him saying this.
So then Benjamin is headed to America to talk to President Trump this week.
Is it today? Tomorrow. Tomorrow. That's how serious this is—an escalation of things.
And the Lord said, "Watch Cairo, Egypt."Remember that he told us to watch Cairo, Egypt in the days ahead, to watch that part down here by Gaza.
Not all up by Syria, but down here—a surprise something coming by Cairo. Yeah, he left today. So, he's on his way here right now.
So we see all this going on with the escalation of the Middle East and the Lord warned us about again a surprise attack at night, in the middle of the night, worse than October 7th.
Okay? And so we know by the Spirit of the Lord what the enemy has planned to bring about another major strike, another major retaliation to try to escalate war, war, war.
And if we go back to the beginning of what the Lord told us for 2025 was war, war, war.
And it's been exactly like the Lord said. There was a lot more to the word that the Lord gave us for 2025.
But as we close it out, that word has sure come to pass, hasn't it?
War, war, war. He said it over and over again. And it's been that way with Ukraine, with all these things.
And then we have Trump trying to bring peace throughout all these areas.
He talked about it today—eight wars he's tried to stop or whatever.
But he acted very—like, what is he going to do about the land and all the things that were discussed today with Zelensky, Macron—all the puppets, all the things that we've seen by the Spirit of the Lord?
And I want to say this right now—the Lord always said this—listen, if I say "I,"I'm taking "I"out of it.
This is not about Brandon. Again, I'm going to tell you, it's all God's grace on me doing what I do. I depend solely on him for this whole thing.
And I want to really try to drive that home every time I do these videos so that people realize that I have a treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power will be known of him and not of me.
I am a vessel that he is using. And I'm so thankful that he looked our direction and said, "Hey, Brandon, would you do this?"How many other people did he ask to do it that they said no?
And I said, "I'll be bold and I'll stand and I'll say the things that are hard and I'll say exactly what you tell me to say even whenever it's not popular."And I've done exactly what I set out to do, and I've tried even whenever it has not always been easy, but I'm determined to do what God's asked me to do and warn you of that which is to come.
But it's all to the glory of God. All that you do in word and in deed, do all to the glory of God.
I have to say that over and the Lord said, "I want you to make that a staple that you say this on your channel."It's not Brandon.
I have no power in myself to be able to see anything. It's his ability on my ability. Like he always says, "Attract then deflect."So here we go.
So here we see all this stuff about Benjamin and nuclear and all the things going on.
Zelenskyy's having the meeting. He came here today. We see major things trying to take place with that.
President Trump says, "Well, we believe we can finish and stop this."But I saw and I heard it in the spirit: they'll never agree on the land.
Why? Because they're going to have to get rid of him, Zelensky, to bring in a new government.
I saw a pro-Russia, pro-Ukraine government coming in that would be a puppet government.
Oh, is that the word? Proxy. Proxy government. And that things would—it could go. It was a fork in the road.
But I saw him doing drugs; I've seen him in prostitutes and all the things that we've seen together when we prayed.
And the Lord has warned us over and over and over again. I saw smuggling of over a hundred million dollars in a plane.
Cash. It was full of cash. Duffel bags full of money, $100 bills, duffel bags full of our taxpayer money on a jet one day to Romania.
I saw it trying to hide him in the mountains bunker. I saw an escalation of all these things.
Can we delay this stuff? Can we stop it? I believe we can. We can, folks.
I believe we have power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
But I know we're in the end times, too. And we're going to see certain things.
There are certain things we will not stop, but I believe that we have a great influence.
It's like I was talking to Pastor Candace and them tonight about people like our prayer group here.
We are the elite prayer group—the people who know how to really pray and get the job done.
And that's why God chose us for such a time as this. It's such an honor to be able to say, 'You know what?
He didn't pick a slouch. He chose us because we had what it took inside us to say, Listen, you are closers.
You're finishers. You are called for such a time as this. You're the Esthers of this generation.'That's what I'm talking about.
We all have what it takes to get the job done. He chose you. He didn't say, 'Well, you know what? You're a misfit.
I didn't want you to be born at this time, but it's just an accident.'No, He said, 'They have what it takes to get the job done, and I'm sending them to do it.'It's exciting to be a part of that, isn't it?
Doesn't that get you excited? Because we were called to the kingdom for such a time as this.
And so, it's like, wow, it gives you a little bit of wind in your sail whenever you're having a hard day to say, 'Hey, I have what it takes.
I'm a closer. I was made for pressure. I was born for this. This pressure doesn't have anything on me.
I can do this.'I have wind in my sails by the Holy Ghost today to take care of all my business that He's given me to do: dominion and authority.
I want to show you this. Go to the thing from Alex. Okay, New Year's.
'Lone Wolves in New York City Times Square New Year's Eve special events.'Yep, it's all on there.
Even Alex Jones is talking about it. It's about New Year's Eve, and this is exactly what we keep praying over.
It's in three days. We have Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and it's Wednesday night.
We have an escalation. Are there more articles? Anything else you want to show me?
No? You sure? Okay, I'm going to move on. If you have anything, you tell me.
So, we're going to go over what we saw last night. When we were praying last night, we saw children involved.
I saw a little girl that was dark-skinned. She had dark black hair, dark eyes.
Everything I have been praying over today was to ask the Lord about what I was shown, what I could share, and what I can't concerning what we saw last night.
We saw a little girl that looked about three or four years old.
She was an anchor baby, is what they would call her. That's what the Lord said. I said, 'What am I seeing?
Who is this?'He said, 'This is an anchor baby.'I thought that was interesting.
An anchor baby is one that was born in America with parents that were not legally citizens.
This child was born during the Biden administration. Does that make sense? So, this is a child that the Lord showed us.
The child was born during the Biden administration, came over illegally across the border, and was born in the United States.
So, it's a child of that age bracket. She could be up to four years old now because we are a year into Trump's term.
That's what the Lord showed me because I said, 'How old is this little girl?'And He said she's an anchor baby. So, that means she was born in that time frame.
Both children—one was younger, the little boy was younger, and the little girl was older—had black hair, black eyes, and olive skin.
She looked Middle Eastern. The parents were taking the stuffing out of their doll.
It looked like a bunny rabbit, like from Christopher Robin, but more like the demonic-looking doll Diana showed me.
I saw it as a bunny rabbit—a yellow doll with yellow ears and a white stomach. That's what I saw in the vision. I related it to Disney.
I don't want to add to or take away from anything, but I think it's very interesting that they have this doll that looks like a devil and it's trending.
So, I'm not going to sit there and deny it and say, 'Could it be this?'Yes.
Could it be Christopher Robin's Little Rabbit? Yes. It's a yellow-looking rabbit thing.
The stuffing was removed out of the belly because the belly was bigger in this rabbit.
I could see the stuffing removed, and they put a device inside that was made out of 3D printing that held two chambers.
If you pull a string, they had rigged it to pull a linchpin that mixed two liquids together.
I have to be careful because my livestream was pulled last night. So, I'm going to talk this way and see how it goes.
They pulled the thing, mixed two liquids together, and it caused this.
They allowed their children to go; they didn't protect their kids.
They used them as a deterrent, a decoy to bring in mass chaos.
But it was more than one family. It was planned out as a distraction.
I saw multiple families involved in this because they have to think of new ways to get around security.
A child's toy was not threatening—a trending toy with a little girl that looks cute with pigtails, a little girl that looks innocent carrying a little stuffed animal.
This was made for mass destruction. I saw the little boy carrying like a little bear.
Both children were used to be a deterrent from security by what was inside.
This was to try to get through security at all levels. A child's toy didn't look threatening.
Number two, I saw Nike sneakers, Air Force 1s, thick soles on the bottom of the shoe with things that were lined in the sole of the shoe to get through security.
I saw bottled waters that were made to mix to create a device to create mass casualties.
I don't know how; I saw fluids. It was like a thick fluid. I don't know how they would mix and create this device, but it was very sneaky.
It was like a Gatorade bottle or an Ozarka bottle. It was about 33 ounces.
The water bottle they were carrying had a capacity somehow to make this into a device with fluid.
I'm not a physicist. I'm trying to warn you of what I saw. This was a new tactic, something more techie than a metal piece of pipe. This was something out of a water bottle and shoes.
People are always looking for backpacks or vests, but they had taken their game up to another level through major funding in the vision through Iran.
This was well-thought-out and well-planned by big-time money.
The Lord warned us to pray because as they are declaring this war, it's the enemy within—a Red Dawn experience. The Lord said, 'D-Day.
Remember, your D-Day on your shore is here—D-Day for our own America.'A Red Dawn experience is what the Lord said.
This is not just terrorists. This is an actual act of war within your soil.
The Father said as Iran is declaring this, ladies and gentlemen, we went into the spirit and we saw England as He says, "We're declaring that on Iran."I mean, Iran has declared war on Europe.
What did we see last night? Now, we'll go there. We were taken into the spirit and I saw a lion.
I saw Princess Kate. She was getting ready to go through a storm.
I saw another round of an attack, but this looked like fish eggs.
I don't know what it was until an OB-GYN emailed my wife and said, "I'm a doctor and this is what I believe your husband saw."So she gave the pictures of ovarian cancer.
The fish eggs look like what I saw in the spirit: two identical pinks, black color, and a darker pink looked like it was on these fish eggs.
And this is a form of ovarian cancer, which was very accurate to the vision that I had. Do you have a picture of that? No, I didn't send it to him.
It's probably because it's kind of gross to people who are sensitive, but get over it.
It doesn't bother me. But if they don't want to see it, close your eyes; you need to know what I'm seeing. And the Lord showed me an acorn.
He gave me an acorn in the vision that was glowing at the bottom, looking so beautiful, like a light brown with a dark chocolate cover at the top where it would attach to the oak tree, not knowing that this is her symbol.
See these acorns? Do they see this? Yes. She wore acorns on her wedding day for earrings. Did you see that, son? Yeah. Do you have that picture?
So, this is a symbolic thing that the Lord is trying to warn us about, praying for this woman.
Praying for her. These are her acorn earrings she wore on her wedding day.
So, an acorn is a big deal to her obviously because you wear it on your wedding day.
You can show those; those are her acorn earrings. The Lord showed us an acorn last night.
Does anybody remember that? And He said, "Pray for this."I didn't know what I was seeing. Then I saw her son, George.
And He said, "Pray for this young man."I saw him growing up in the future being part of the end times with the Antichrist.
I saw the number seven beside him and I didn't know what the seven meant. I thought, "Is he seven years old? Seven.
What was a seven?"But I saw a seven that was very highlighted in purple and it was a beautiful seven the way it was made, but it had a purple strip of lavender and a dark purple like this, and it had a lighter color in the middle of the seven.
So, as I was looking into this, I thought, "Why am I seeing the number seven concerning this little boy?"But I didn't know he would be the seventh.
Everybody's like, "Brandon, he'd be the seventh."Well, the Lord said seven.
And then He said 2026 will be set in stone for a great shaking concerning the royal family.
I saw the number 2026 and it was in stone and it had fruit dangling from it.
It looked like stone grapes, stone fruit, stone cherries, stone strawberries. They were all in a fruit basket.
The basket was tipped over, and all of the fruit was coming out and falling by the 2026.
So all the fruit was tipped over on the 2026 and the 2026 was in great detail like calligraphy.
It was beautiful. The 2026 was, but it was set in stone. And then you can show that picture.
That's what that looks like. Fish eggs. Remember I told you I said it looks like fish eggs.
I'm not trying to be gross. Okay. Three, two, one. This is fish eggs. This is ovarian cancer.
I said it looks like fish eggs in a bass when you go fishing in the spring when the female fish are spawning.
I said it looks like fish eggs. Remember what I told you? This is what it looked like.
And when I have a vision, I don't know what I'm seeing, but I said it looked like fish eggs.
And I said, "This is what I'm seeing concerning this."And I know that's disgusting, but I'm trying to show you a picture of how I see these things.
I don't know what I'm seeing, but I'm seeing fish eggs. But then I saw pinks and all kinds of colors.
You see the pinks and the other colors? They're all in there just like I saw in the vision.
So, we pray over these things concerning this. I saw a lion with its mouth open concerning this.
And I saw it above a threshold of a door and it was on fire in the house.
I saw a storm and then I saw another lion that looked like this lion right here.
You see how the mouth's open and it's laying there on its paws and stomach?
I was shown that. Now, some people say this has to do with the Bank of China, Hong Kong. And I was thinking, well, that's interesting.
Why am I seeing this lion unless there's another lion that I don't know about in England?
Then the Lord said "Oxford"and He pointed out Oxford and I saw Oxford print like the suit jacket, like a really nice man's blazer.
It looked like Oxford. I heard the Oxford, but a lot of these people said that had to do with England and all that.
And I don't know at all. These are just the pictures I saw. I saw Big Ben and then the golden acorn.
We talked about that. The red paint on the door. I saw red paint on a door that was a telephone booth.
And the Lord said, "Don't forget this is about the telephone booth.
There's something they're going to try to do."The cross and the crucifix. And I saw a cross with a man on it.
And I believe this has to do in my spirit about martyrdom, Christians being martyred because He kept showing me the mega-churches in England, and that's why I asked you, "Are there big Catholic churches?"because I was seeing what looked like Catholic cathedrals and I didn't know that the royal family had their own belief, you know, they're not Catholic.
What do you call them? Anglican. So the Queen and all of them have their own thing.
Well, then people said that they were announcing that they were trying to break off from the church. And so, I don't know.
I just, like I said, I see a part here and part there, but these are the things the Lord was warning me on greatly.
The millstone. Then I saw a millstone. And this millstone was like this, of a massive structure.
And I saw a windmill powering this. And I saw a grinding of England. A grinding.
It was turning on this massive millstone and it was grinding something on it.
But as it was turning, it was moving slow. And I could hear in the spirit.
It was a massive stone, but it was attached to a massive wooden shaft that was being turned by a windmill.
And it was grinding a substance up like this. Do you see that? There you go. Just like that. It was massive though.
It filled the whole room and the palace with the shaft of light.
It had red walls, red rugs, and gold. And there was a lion that was on the top of the door frames.
And I could see lions on the top of the door frame. But it started to catch on fire. The transparent fire.
Then I saw a plant in a swamp that had a shell on it that looked like hexagons that were lined in black that were transparent.
And you could see this film on this flower and it almost kind of looked like in the movie Beauty and the Beast where the rose is keeping the beast alive.
It was a rose, and it was a beautiful color of a rose that was glowing in the cartoon.
That flower, whatever was in this capsule, was glowing with fog all around it and was on a swamp on a lily pad; it was a representation of something.
But I saw a transition coming to the royal family in a major way concerning Kate, the king, and William and George.
I know that George was behind. I saw William lifted up. His voice wasn't very loud.
I'll say it like this: his voice was not loud. In the vision of what I'm seeing, I can give you more details now.
His voice was quiet. His voice was passive. His voice did not get heard as influence; he didn't have a lot.
But this little boy was a young man coming up with great influence and great thunder. And his voice was very scary.
There was great darkness on this little voice, and there was great liberal influence on this little voice.
This little voice overshadowed this voice. This voice was not as powerful as this voice.
I could not see the woman; she was no longer here. In the vision, she was gone; she had been deceased.
He was angry; this little boy was angry. I saw him rise up and overshadow this voice, and he was the main focal point of an influencer.
I saw him very clearly. He was probably 17, 18, or 19 years old, and he was wearing black.
He had a black cape on; it looked like Harry Potter. He had a Harry Potter cape on; it had a very Harry Potter vibe.
He looked very dark, like Harry Potter. It had the maroon collar with a black cape that went to his waist.
Now, am I saying this little boy is dark and evil? I'm not trying to—I'm just describing a vision that I had.
I'm not running a child down; I'm not picking at him. I'm trying to tell you exactly what I saw, not adding to or taking away from anything.
So don't go out and say Brandon's trying to pinpoint all this evil on a child.
No, I'm not. I'm describing a vision the best I can. It could be a metaphor.
So don't go, if you know the royalty, and say, 'This guy in Oklahoma is saying all this stuff about your kid.'No, I'm not.
I'm just telling you exactly what I saw. And then this snout looking out the tree. Did you already talk about the tree?
I saw a tree that was a massive redwood tree, like a huge tree that looked like a Christopher Robin house, and it was carved in the side of the massive tree.
There was a fireplace in it; there was a chair. This chair and this tree looked like it had a lot of life.
I don't know what that represented, but then I saw Pooh. People go, 'Oh, was it Pooh?
Like a poo-poo?'No, like Winnie the Pooh. It had something to do with Winnie the Pooh.
And then I heard 'castle,'and I kept praying over this castle. What is the origin?
The Lord said, 'What is the origin of Winnie the Pooh and Christopher Robin?
What is the origin?'I don't know, and I'm still studying all this out. This is a lot so far.
But then we saw the main thing that I was more concerned about than anything: these children that would be used as decoys to put things in water bottles.
That was the main thing I was concerned about because that was about America.
And I could see Big Ben anchor babies. So, was that it? I went over it pretty well.
Did I miss anything? No. I tried really hard to give detail. I saw the telephone booth.
What does that have to do with anything? Do they even use those telephone booths anymore over there?
I saw a red phone booth, which I thought was really interesting.
But then we see all this stuff concerning New Year's Eve and the next three days—praying over this, praying over the protection over our nation.
I have such a heightened alert concerning Israel and what we're looking for to be rockets, but it's an enemy within.
They have their message; they're communicating. Do you understand? He said it over a loudspeaker.
He didn't have to use our underground tunnel technological advances with their SIM cards.
He announced it on TV and it went viral all over the world. People are going, 'What is this guy talking about?
Who is he talking to? How does he even have the ability to do that?'The Lord said the enemy within.
He's communicating to the enemy within. They're not seeing it.
He's communicating to the people in Hawaii; he's communicating to the people where they've planted people because of the Biden administration over the last four years.
Millions of people crossed illegally over our border. A thousand men and women have infiltrated for sure, as the Lord has told me, with 50-gallon drums and massive trucks that would be like Timothy McVeigh.
The Lord has warned us over and over again that they are casing our churches and casing our amusement parks and casing our people.
And we must wake up as the body of Christ and take this time seriously. Don't be an ostrich with your head in the sand.
I yell from the top of the mountain, telling you there is a storm coming. You must wake up.
You must come in battle in prayer and take authority over this demonic spirit that is trying to cause the Antichrist agenda to come full force over our beautiful nation.
And the Lord said to us, in the days ahead, you will be so thankful that we have President Trump behind.
Now, I don't get all over here on the weirdo side of that. I just know that God has put people in position.
What do you say? What do you mean by that? I heard one person made a comment that going against him would be like going against God.
I don't know what that individual meant by that, and I'm not going to sit here and throw rocks at the individual that said that.
I believe I have an idea that it came out wrong. So, I don't want to sit...
but I'm not going like that. I know that God puts people in position. I know that God brings up kings and he brings down kings.
He's the president of our country, and I know that he was appointed for such a time as this.
I know it beyond a shadow of a doubt that God put this man in power.
Do I believe he gets everything right all the time? No. Who does?
But I know in my heart that God has put him there, and we need to pray for him to have wisdom and protection for him and his family because I heard in the spirit that they were going to use his kids to bring a Kennedy curse to have retaliation for the assassination of Qasem Soleimani, that they have not forgotten this and they want revenge for Soleimani.
And people say, 'Well, Brandon, I'm really disappointed nothing's happened to Don Jr.
yet.'Are you crazy? This is what we're here to pray for. You're on the wrong channel. Get out of here.
We're going to pray God's hand of protection over all his family, over Homeland Security, over the FBI, over anybody that's in harm's way.
If you're wanting to see destruction, you're in the wrong place, folks.
I believe if we see these things in the next three days, it's a prayer fail.
We failed. And it makes me angry. The Lord called me to sound the alarm to the body of Christ.
We don't want to see this stuff. If we don't see it, praise God.
When you see the other things being accurate, how much more validation or credibility are you looking for whenever you see what we're talking about in the news weeks later?
That's all you should see. Hey, he's calling war. He's saying this stuff is exactly what we saw.
And it may not be to a T the influence of seeing October 7th and everybody getting slain and being imprisoned and stuff again.
Glory to God. But if you are here to see destruction, agony, and pain out of a prophetic word, you're on the wrong channel.
I would encourage you to unsubscribe and get out of here; you're in the wrong place.
I believe God has called us and chosen us for such a time as this to bring down this stuff by the power of prayer.
When I pray for Peter, the jeweler out there, it wasn't caused for craziness in his family.
We're praying for protection for that man. We want him to know the kingdom of God. He has a lot of influence with celebrities.
Wouldn't it be amazing if he was like a John the Baptist in these last days and led everybody to Jesus that he comes across, that he sells jewelry to?
You don't want crazy stuff to happen. It would if it was your family and we were seeing something about you and you got your loved one in harm's way. Wouldn't you pray that somebody would pray for you? Yes.
The attacks that we get verbally from all these knuckleheads that have no idea about intercessory prayer because they're ignorant, because the church doesn't teach them—shame on you, pastors, for not teaching your people about intercessory prayer.
Shame on you. Your people should be polished prayers in these last days to bring down all this demonic stuff.
We are the salt and the backbone of the nations. We should be the influencers, not Hollywood.
We are the ones, because when I saw all that trash—Diana showed me the videos for all the music for this year.
They had a collab and the demonic darkness that was on these Hollywood music artists that had sold their soul to Satan himself, burning crosses and doing satanic things.
And I thought, they have influence over our young people. God, enlarge my capacity.
Help me. I'll help you; let's do this. Create in me a clean heart.
Whatever it takes to walk in the glory to reach the lost and the dying world so that they don't have to go to a devil's hell.
It wasn't designed for us; it was designed for him. And it bothers me that we see all the stuff we see on a continual basis.
And you say, 'Brandon, you're passionate.'Yes, because I know the end is at hand. Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen.
And there are so many of you that have your head in the sand and you don't know the seriousness of the signs of the times all around you as we see these things.
Can we stop all of it? No. Some of this stuff is going to happen. You know, He said we'll have wars and rumors of wars.
We're going to have plagues; we're going to have those things.
But we're going to do our best to pray stuff and stop it. And if I call it a prayer fail, it's a prayer fail. I want to see everything be successful.
So, we'll call those a prayer fail, even the ones that are supposed to happen because I want to take responsibility.
Don't blame God. Always stay on God's side. No matter if evil happens or something dark happens, always stay on God's side. Always.
You go, 'Well, I don't understand why You let that happen, Lord.'No, I'm always going to stay on God's side, looking and saying, 'Lord, I don't know why I'm walking through the valley of the shadow of death someday, but I believe that You're with me.
I stay on Your side. I trust You. I fear You. I reverence You for You're good and Your mercy endures forever.'I don't know why I go through the things I go through, but oh God, You're good and Your mercy endures forever.
So we pray for Kate. We pray for her uterus or whatever that was, the issue. We pray for her ovaries.
We pray for her body because I said, 'When was the last time she had that C-word?'They said it was in her stomach.
Well, that's close to the uterus, to the ovaries. It's all in the same area. Not too far. Not saying, you know, it's pretty close.
And the Lord's saying, 'Pray for this.'I saw round two, but this round would not be something that would be averted.
The Lord said, 'Pray for this.'So, I know that's a lot. How many minutes was that? Like 40. I did good. I try to keep it underneath an hour.
You just say, 'Brandon, you talk way too much.'But hey, listen, I've got a lot in there.
So, did they get something out of the first part? So, let's take communion.
Let's do this real quick. I want something like that. Do you have anything to say? I want you to be more vocal, young lady.
I call her 'young lady'because she had her birthday and we aren't telling how old she is because she's young.
She's getting younger; she's not getting older. I said, 'Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, my Diana. I love you and many, many more.
You'll have to outlive me by a long shot if the Lord tarries.'So, we argue about that all the time.
She said, 'No, we're going in the rapture.'I say, 'Yeah, I know.
But if He decides not to come back and get us soon, but in the next 50 or 60 years, we'll be a lot.''Don't talk like that.
What are you doing? Stop.'She's always ready to slap you. Hold on.
'Don't talk to him, Diana.''Oh, well, I'm kind of being put on the spot here.
What do y'all want to talk about?'They're all saying happy birthday. Thank you, I appreciate it. I kind of am low-key.
I don't like all the attention, so I would have told him not to mention that.
But I appreciate all the love. Y'all are so kind. I just like to be more relaxed on my birthday.
I don't like big celebrations. Surprise parties are not my thing.
My favorite way to spend a birthday would be just doing nothing, just relaxing, because to me, that's priceless.
Just being able to not do anything on your birthday and just relax.
She doesn't want to do nothing; she doesn't even want to talk about it.
She said, 'Let's not even talk about it.'Okay, so I did it anyway.
When you get to the age where you just don't want to talk about your birthdays... 'Whatever, Diana.'You sit there and say all that.
I always say, 'Whatever.'But I think you look better now than when we first met.
Lord, we're so grateful for all that You've done for us. Thank You, Father, for Your great hand of protection over this nation.
Thank You for our President. Thank You, Lord, that he has supernatural Solomon wisdom in these days, Father, that he's able to lead the nation.
I thank You, Lord, that the wealth transfer starts with us, that the wealth transfer starts with them.
Father, that we are that generation that will not taste death, that we have a supernatural impartation of the glory that sustains us to get the job done.
I thank You, Father, for the impartation of the wealth transfer.
Father, that You use President Trump with his boys or with his cabinet, whatever, Father, to bring forth wealth over America.
One last push, one last call, that 2026 will be a year of supernatural increase over the body of Christ.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're turning this around for us, that You give us that window of opportunity to pay off churches, to pay off houses, to pay off things, to get the gospel out.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that there'll be so much in our storehouse account that what we're believing for for 2026, we'll have all budgets, all things met even before the first quarter of the year and believe for the overflow for the rest.
Father, it will be so for 2026. There will be a supernatural harvest time.
Precious metals will go up higher than they have ever been before.
Crypto will shoot up like a rocket. We thank you, Lord, that you are turning this around. I thank you, Lord, that inflation is getting better.
Father, this nation has a reprieve, a window of opportunity that you showed me, that you breathe on it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that tomorrow they are meeting with Bibi and him.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we stand with Israel. We don't stand with those who say you stand with genocide.
No, we pray for the peace of Jerusalem. Just like the Bible says, those that bless Israel, I will bless, and those that curse, I will curse.
And we bless Israel. We pray for Israel, not for the government; we pray for the people.
We pray for the government, but the Lord brings up kings and then he brings down kings.
Saul was not good, and he brought in a David, but we still pray for Saul; David wouldn't even touch him.
So we bless those and we ask God to put the people in the right position. We pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they would know of any surprise attack in the middle of the night like you've shown me countless times.
I thank you, Father, that there will be wisdom tomorrow in the meeting, that cool heads will prevail, and they will know exactly what to do by the Spirit of the Lord leading them.
Father, from any attack from Iran, Hezbollah, or any of this Red Dawn experience, I ask you, Father, to uncover and reveal all demonic attacks, plans, plots, or pursuits against the people of this nation.
I take this body right now in the name of Jesus. I thank you, Lord, that I am healed, whole, and well by your stripes.
Over every vision I see tonight, over everything that you have, I plead the blood over my head, my spiritual eyes, and my physical eyes.
Every demonic assignment, every witchcraft, incantation, chants, or voodoo—anything that tries to be said against me, my wife, my children, or my finances—we apply the blood of Jesus.
We say: thus far and no further will you try to mess with us anymore.
I command you to cease and desist in your maneuvering. It goes back on you double in Jesus'name.
We bind you and we send it on you double. It falls at our feet and it will not bear fruit.
A curse without a cause cannot stand. We shut any open doors in the name of Jesus.
Father, we are so grateful for all the people that you've assigned to pray for Diana and me, my children, and our ministry.
We plead the blood. We thank you, Lord, that many hands make light work tonight.
We cover our home in the name of Jesus. We make much of the blood right now.
I see the clock again. It's Big Ben. It's at that bridge, the one closest to Big Ben.
The clock is an alarm. It is first because it is before New York.
Because of the major event that they are trying to take place, we are going to stop it.
It's from Iran. Listen to this: I see Venezuela talking to Iran, and they are funding money there.
I see the cartel heavily influencing Venezuela. The man over Venezuela is talking to a guy in the cartel, and this is the one that is doing this.
The Lord said I can't say anymore about that. It's the snake that's on the East Coast.
It comes from Miami and it goes up the East Coast clear into Toronto via an underground highway.
It's an underground crime highway. I'm all around Miami right now, looking into Miami streets again by the boardwalk.
I see a lot of Hispanics and big money. I see a lot of cocaine; a lot of powder.
Tell the law. I see this girl, her name is Lily. We need to protect her.
She hears the chatter from her family concerning her father who is involved, and she wants to tell the law, but she's scared because it will cost her her life and her father's.
She's a young girl, about 19 years old. Don't sound the alarm, because this is what another person is saying.
It's not okay. I see stacks of money, $100 bills on pallets, like a billion dollars.
It is wrapped in cellophane and Saran wrap. It's in a white stucco house.
I see a white stucco house, and out the back door there's a window where I can see palm trees and stars.
I see a boat dock on the beach in a bay area; it's on an island. This is a really big house.
I see a huge white boat with a party deck and glass oval windows.
There are men with firearms wearing aviator glasses, white blazers, and floral shirts.
Now when you go back to the house, it's loaded with them—heavy-set guys with AK-47s and big guns with straps.
I see cameras on the corners and by the doors. And this is where that girl is at.
Notice it; don't say anything else. We're going to move on. The boats from Sicily—you hear me?
Sicily. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. This is all connected. This is a ring.
Is Sicily connected to what I see in Miami? Is Sicily connected to Miami?
Sicily is connected to what you're seeing in Miami at the white stucco house with the boat.
It has to do with Venezuela, and it's like a trail. It's a trafficking cartel.
This is a worldwide deal. The white stucco house—not the White House.
It looks Mediterranean, like the white stucco. And that's where the guards are.
This is connected. I see these things; it's like a round circle with an arrow. It's big money concerning white powder. Thank you, Lord.
I'm not going to allow myself to get so tired tonight; I have to pace myself because I want to keep seeing what He's wanting me to see.
It's concerning the Red Dawn experience because Iran was influencing this. Iran was influencing Venezuela.
Venezuela was influencing the cartel, or the cartel was influencing the head of Venezuela.
In the vision, it looked like the guy with the slick black hair was talking to huge drug lords.
He is very corrupt. The cartel has that man wrapped around their finger.
I see him, and he is a worm; his face is on a worm's body, and he is wrapped around the head of the cartel's finger—this pointer finger.
He's wrapped around as a worm on the top, and I see the worm's face on the top of the head of the finger.
That man, Maduro, is a worm for the cartel. All right, Lord. Are we back on the attacks against America?
I know You're in control. Your heart, Father, is my heart. I know the urgency of the hour at hand.
This is a totally different cartel than what's involved in coming up through Texas and New Mexico.
This is more powder. What I see over the Mexico side is fentanyl coming up through the southern border.
This looks like powder. It's a lot of white bags of powder. I see the pills and stuff coming up through Mexico.
It's a different cartel. I'm hearing this is Cuban and Venezuelan.
This over here is Mexico. They have that woman wrapped around their finger.
The head of the Mexican government, Claudia—Claudia is wrapped around their finger.
Money, corruption, and politics. He said it's similar to what's happening in your own government in both parties.
In the days ahead, you must pray even more concerning where you're to be at all times.
Some of these decisions will be life or death. It's that serious. I see the word Nigeria.
It's concerning the genocide we're seeing in Nigeria trying to spread.
Persecution comes for the Word's sake. I see lone wolf attacks in Canada right now.
I see them trying to do this with attacks with semi in gas stations.
This is Sharia law rising up in Canada, Toronto, and New York.
There is a section of closa in Little Italy. It's like organized crime.
The head of this snake doesn't like what he's seeing concerning America.
It's just business. He says, 'I don't like this. It's just business.
Take it easy.'The man over this says it's big business. But they don't like the Sharia law; it's taking away their freedom.
They're asking him to be a part of this because of money and influence, but he is turning his back against this cartel because it's about witchcraft and darkness.
You're about to see a clash on these fronts. Territorial wars in New York, Miami, and New Orleans.
They say it's just business versus these people who are possessed by the devil.
I'm not trying to justify these men because they're bad too, but this is business.
It's family. La Rocca could be the coliseum in Rome, Italy. Something about a name.
The Mexican mafia is different than the mafia in Italy. It's a clash.
It's all about money, drugs, and power. There's something about this Sharia law in New York and Toronto.
They don't want it—the Muslim Brotherhood. Is it called the La Rocca?
La Rocca by itself can be an Italian surname. Shalom. Did you see that name?
That's what I'm saying right there. It's a name. I don't want to touch it too much.
Let's move on. This is very dark. These guys are carrying big weapons.
It's about the whistleblower, that girl. She is a heavy-set girl.
I pray for her, but this is very dark and looks very dangerous in the natural. But it's concerning.
The Lord said, "I told you what it was concerning."I think it's concerning a trade war and turf wars.
This is going to be concerning turf wars because one is more American and the other one's not.
The ones that are American, born here, like those Italian people, this is family and it's business.
That's what I hear. They don't like the way New York is turning, and you're about to see a turf war.
By the spirit of God, I hear it. You're about to see a turf war in New York with all of what's going on with organized family.
This will be concerning Miami and a clash of families, organized crime.
One has infiltrated and gotten worse through the Biden administration, but it's all a snake.
It's bad. That guy in New York, he's a bad man. He'll be sworn in on the first.
A lot of change is about to take place in New York. Remember this. They don't like him. Hear me? They don't like the new mayor.
I'm seeing this with the Kennedys, like the one that was in the White House, JFK.
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for Your hand of protection.
Lord, there has to be something else. This is going into Rome.
I see the Vatican lit up; it's concerning the Catholic faith.
I see those underground tunnels underneath the Vatican;. This is interesting; I'm in New Orleans now.
More Moloch. This is what they will look like. It's interesting, y'all.
It will make them look like heroes. Now, I'm going to say this.
What I'm seeing in the spirit, in this vision right now, is the Mafia.
These men don't want Sharia law. They don't want this new mayor or the changes.
They like their organized crime, the way they do things, and the family. And I see a major turf war coming.
It will look like they are the heroes as they come against the Islamic Brotherhood and Sharia law, keeping things the way they were.
This is concerning New Orleans and areas up in Boston that are fighting for America, almost like freedom fighters.
I know that sounds crazy. I don't know how else to describe it, but they will look like the good guys.
It's a turf war because they don't want to see their America and what they've established go to the Muslims with temples and changing New York—changing these areas to where the new mayor wants to take them.
The organized crime doesn't like him, from what I'm hearing and seeing in the spirit.
There's a branch of it that does because he'll hide his eyes concerning certain things, but there's great darkness there.
That's all I know how to describe to you. I'm not praying for them to be bad.
I don't know what the Lord wants me to do with that; I'm trying to hear. But this is all so interesting, isn't it?
He said, "No, Brandon, I'm showing you that which is to come."That's what he just said to me.
"I'm telling you that which is to come. You'll see it in the news, and you'll remember it.
The Lord says you'll remember this in the news."Father, we thank You, Lord, for protection over our nation. Thank You, Lord, for President Trump.
Thank You, Father, for people who want to have a backbone, whether they're good or bad, who don't want our nation going to the Muslims.
Father, there are homegrown people who love our nation regardless and don't want it to be like it is in the Middle East or Iran.
Lord, I pray for them to get saved. I pray for them to become radically born again, every single one of them.
All this organized crime and darkness I see tonight—the bottom line is they need You.
Regardless of the smuggling, trafficking, and things in Italy, they need Jesus Christ.
They need to repent and turn from their wicked ways. Every one of them will face judgment.
Bottom line, even with the Hispanic and Mexican Mafia, and all I see with Cuba, the cocaine, and all that—all of them need Jesus Christ.
I pray over Lily tonight, whoever this girl is. Father, I thank You.
Isn't it interesting that this is like the Lily Lane in Australia?
I remember her; we pray for the girl in Australia. Now there's a little heavy-set Hispanic girl.
Why is everybody naming their kid Lily? Two different Lilies.
This is a Hispanic girl, and I saw the one in Australia. Is that a new common name?
This Hispanic girl has a heavy-set face and longer hair. Two Lilies—what is that about, Lord?
It can't be a coincidence. Oh, what a plan! "What a plan!"like Sister Billie always says.
But I tell you, that is pretty interesting. A Lily in Spanish and a Lily in Australia.
One's a singer, one's a whistleblower. She needs protection and courage because it's going to be bad for her.
I saw all that. Father, we thank You, Lord, for President Trump.
I just saw a lizard that looked like a newt, like a gecko that had the same patterns as a giraffe.
It was being held by its neck, its mouth open toward the individual, dangling its body down, and it closed its mouth like it was being choked.
It looked like a gecko with dry giraffe spots. Plead the blood.
We pray over Kate, Father, over the boy, and over all that we saw last.
We plead the blood over our nation for an exposing of any kind of plots, plans, or pursuits.
We thank You, Lord, for Homeland Security. We thank You, Lord, for uncovering drones.
We thank You, Father, for the FBI and the NSA. Thank You, Lord, for even the CIA.
We thank You, Lord, for every single one of them that is not corrupt, that all corruption be revealed.
We thank You, Lord, for local law enforcement and sheriff's departments.
Thank You, Father, for our Border Patrol and Coast Guard. Father, I thank You, Lord, for our armed services of all kinds.
We thank You, Lord, for supernatural protection over our Secret Service watching over our President.
Father, over his family, over his children—over Kai, Don Jr., Eric, Barron, Tiffany, and Ivanka—we pray for every single one of them.
No weapon formed against them shall prosper. There is a supernatural hedge of protection around them in Jesus'name.
The angels of the Lord are around him in Jesus'name. We thank You, Father, that no weapon formed against our nation will prosper.
Even with the 250th year, we call forth protection over this year, 2026.
Oh man, it's going to be a year like you've never seen before and a year like not any other year.
2026, a year like not any other year. It will be the beginning.
I hear the word humbling—a great humbling on all fronts. Concerning the economy, many of you have been catfished.
I see a catfish, and the Lord said, "You have been catfished concerning the economy."I see the Olympics. Pray for heightened security.
I hear them even talking about canceling some events or postponing because of threats on certain events.
I hear it on the news: "We've had threats, we've had to delay it, we have to have a search, and we're going to have to come back at a later date on this because of threats on certain events."Figure skating is one I see.
And when they skate in a circle with the ice skates on their feet like Apolo Ohno, remember him?
Like inside that dome area. Threats upon the events. You all really need to pray over the Olympics.
This is very serious. Speed skating. All the little places you go to eat. I see people in gatherings eating at little places to eat.
Good Morning America, I hear this: "Pray for the mass transit."I don't know if I should say that out loud or not.
You know, there are certain things, there are certain words.
I see a hotel. I see hotels. It's the fourth floor of this hotel.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that all hidden things be revealed. Is it amazing, Diana?
There are so many different events I'm seeing, but every one of them is like this, with the terrorist attacks and praying for the events, the people, and the opening ceremony.
There is so much stuff. It's even concerning the Catholic Church and the Pope Leo.
I'm looking into all this. Every single thing I'm calling out has such urgency.
I feel pulses and I'll know the urgency of it in my spirit when I'm praying over it in tongues.
I can feel it—this is right now, this is days away. But every single thing I brought you tonight has such an urgency.
It's a 10 on a scale of one to 10. That's how serious each one of these things is, from the royals to where we are in these end times.
Praying over the new year—the next three days are so important because of the enemy within.
That was His cry for a Red Dawn experience, D-Day. That's Him making His declaration to His troops that have infiltrated countries.
The Lord said it is not terrorists; this is an enemy within. There are 6,300 people in here right now, and all these different things they can pray over. We have a lot of prayers, so I can't let it overwhelm me.
If I look at it that way, it really makes me go, "Oh Lord, there are a lot of prayers out there."It is very overwhelming to me personally because I don't even know where to start, as I see every one of these as a Category 10.
That's why I have to pace myself tonight, from praying for that girl because of her father to everything else.
I have to ask, "Where do you even go from here?"I just have to take a moment because I'm seeing the royals, the mafia, and so much darkness.
The man over New York being sworn in—I see him. And then praying over Trump and his kids and family, and praying over our nation and the Red Dawn experience.
There's just so much. I don't know what to do with all this. You have to write it down.
Even then, I don't know where to take it from here. That's why I know the Lord gives this stuff to me; it's very accurate and detailed.
I don't even tell you the details because it would take too much time, but the colors of the outfits and their faces are so detailed.
They are just like us and they need Jesus. He's relaying the message to me to give it to you, and then you help me so I'm not carrying this alone.
It's just too much. Yesterday I got so tired because of everything I saw about the royals and Oxford.
I prayed over it all day and the Lord gave me more pieces about Iran and the Red Dawn.
I've been praying over Red Dawn for over a year. He showed me this time last year. I've been hearing, "Waiting for the call.
What is the cry?"and He said, "D-Day is here."Braden is teaching me about D-Day, Germany, and Cuba.
I've been praying over Cuba since 2023. Then all of a sudden, it starts to come to pass and really amp up.
I hear the prophetic pulse lately; the intercessory pulse is so intense.
I know we're about to see something huge. We're on the edge of the waterfall.
I was talking about the word for the remnant—the word for the church and the small body of people versus the whole vast thing.
Praying over major events is different than for the individual.
"I will hide you in the cleft of the rock when the storm comes.
I will protect you."Moses was hid, and the Lord let it pass by.
There is a place of refuge, protection, and security for the body.
"The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want."When you stay in that place of Psalms 91 and Psalms 23, you don't allow these things to get inside.
What's a catfish? The economy is a catfish. It's like makeup—it's not what it really is.
The economy is in trouble. Your economy in America is a catfish, and you're going to see that more in 2026.
You must pray over the economy to turn around and for the Supreme Court judges to decide with the tariff things.
If not, you're going to start to see a recession even more so than what you could.
Everything that He is doing so hard to stop what I told you all.
Everybody's like, "Bren, what about the major crash you saw?"The Lord said, "I'll give you more time.
You must pray."I saw an economic crisis worse than the 1930s.
It looked like the Great Depression on steroids trying to come to this nation.
People say, "Oh, I don't believe that."No, I'm telling you, I've seen it since 2015.
The Lord keeps showing me a major economic crisis worse than the 1930s. It makes the Great Depression look like a walk in the park.
And Trump was paddling in that canoe as hard as he could to keep it from going over Niagara Falls.
And the Lord said, "He'll not stop it. He'll just delay it. What will you do with this time?"And the Lord just said tonight, our economy is a catfish.
You've been catfished, continually catfished. And you can take that for whatever that means.
Probably like those girls dressing up and you have an Instagram photo and they go meet them at the restaurant and you go, "You don't look nothing like that."That's what he's talking about.
Because the catfish was in a lagoon; it's deception. Your economy is a catfish, the Lord said, and he said you'll find out more and more.
There is no saving the American economy. There is no saving the dollar.
It will just be prolonged if we have President Trump doing what he's doing eventually.
Remember the thing? It popped. The bubble popped. Everything popped.
It got too big and it popped. He keeps showing us types and shadows of this stuff over and over.
Ride the wave, for it won't last very long. What is the wave to you?
What is God telling you to do? He keeps saying it over and over again.
And now we have this Sharia law weirdo. What is his name? Mamdani taking over on Thursday.
Woe to you, New York. Woe to you. God help you, New York, for you voted for what you wanted.
People say, "Well, it's cheated."No, we can't sit there and call it every time we lose and say, "Is it cheating?"You had morons vote for him.
Outweighed on the balance. That's what he said. You have been found in the balance lacking.
It was scripture. "I have weighed you and I have found you lacking, New York."I felt the power.
And he said, and this is concerning your land too, "I have weighed you and I have found you lacking, America."This is what he has said.
But the remnant have held you by your prayer. It's us. It's the Abrahams praying.
Thank God there's more than just fifty righteous. Thank God there's a remnant praying because of how much sin is in the land.
But I'm telling you, a shaking to awaken is coming to this nation.
And you'll be so thankful that President Trump is here. Shakings, shakings, shakings.
Wow. I see the trees. I see summer. The 250 is before me. I see shakings in Canada. I see a shaking in the Canadian economy even more so.
I see again the red pushing into Canada like it's becoming a part of us, but a shaking to a complete meltdown first.
Oh Lord, that's good enough tonight. I can see it so clear, baby.
I see a shaking in the economy of Canada, but I see great persecution coming to the church and I see them picketing and protesting against the Canadian government in the days ahead, for their freedom of speech will be taken away.
The church will not be able to say things anymore. Sharia law will be put into effect even more.
You're talking about a Muslim influence throughout Canada, especially by Toronto.
It's not as strong as in British Columbia, but major right here.
Thank you for all your hard work. I appreciate you. Get your house in order.
He says, "You're running out of time."Now, at what level is he saying that?
The end of all things. I'm so excited. He's coming. Jesus is coming, honey, and it's going to be so wonderful. Jesus is coming, ladies and gentlemen. Our King is coming.
We pray for protection over our nations and over us as we close tonight, over Israel, over the meeting again tomorrow, over every person that's represented in these meetings.
I thank you, Father, for a battle plan and protection over our nation and over President Trump for wisdom.
We pray a hedge of protection over him. I see a peace hitting his heart right now.
I bless President Trump and we pray a peace over him with all these heavy burdens that he has to carry for our nation.
We thank you, Lord, that he's able to do it with great grace because he casts his cares on you.
We pray over our president tonight, Father, and we just bless him that he sleeps well.
We ask you, Father, to let him rest. Sleep tight, that the bedbugs don't bite.
Sleep tight. Thank you, Lord, that he's restful and he's blessed.
Father, I thank you that there's a covering over his wife, his marriage, and his children.
Thank you, Lord, that he has a good day tomorrow. We pray that the meeting will go well and smooth and that they'll come up with a plan.
Father, as far as the people in Ukraine, I ask you to remove Zelensky, Lord, so that the bloodshed could stop.
Let there be a proxy government come in that will be pro-Ukraine and pro-Russia, so that this nonsense of all these lives being lost will stop now in Jesus'name.
We praise you, Father, and give you all the glory, honor, and praise that you're protecting this land from sea to shining sea.
Father, I thank you that as we go into this New Year's Eve, there is great protection over us and every hidden thing would be revealed in Jesus'name.
Every plan and every pursuit. Even over our churches. We give you glory, honor, and praise for it in Jesus'name.
Amen and amen. Well, I'm going to end it there. It's two hours and 21 minutes, and I'm so thankful for every single one of you that came out tonight.
I know it's getting late. There's a lot of you that are probably already falling asleep at your laptop or your phone, your head's not going.
But then there's people in Australia that are awake going, "Hey, g'day mate.
Put another shrimp on the barbie."And Italy is waking up right now.
God bless y'all. We love you. Do they have any questions? I'll answer two.
If not, I'm going. Two good ones. We'll pray again tomorrow.
We've got a lot to pray over. The internet went out, but I fixed it.
They tried to kick me off again. There were about 400 people left and they reconnected. They don't like what I say anymore.
Somebody says, "What does get your house in order mean?"Get your house in order means whatever he's telling you to do.
Get ready for his coming. Keep your lamp full of oil. I know what it says to me, but what is he saying to you?
'Get your house in order'means a lot of things because I know what the economy is going to do in the natural. I know about food supply. I know about a lot of things.
So, my getting my house in order is probably totally different than yours because I don't know where you live.
If you live in Central, it's going to be a lot different than on the East Coast. I can tell you that.